c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji1.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji1dead.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont_sml.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji1deaddead.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\swordD.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\swordL.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\swordR.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\swordU.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\onArrowU.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\offArrowU.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\offArrowD.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\offArrowL.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\onArrowD.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\onArrowL.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\offArrowR.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\onArrowR.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji1.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji1dead.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\onArrowU.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\offArrowU.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji1deaddead.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\swordL.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\swordR.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\swordU.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\offArrowD.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\offArrowL.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\onArrowD.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\onArrowL.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\offArrowR.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\onArrowR.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont_sml.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji2.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji2Dead.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji2deaddead.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji3.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji3Dead.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji3deaddead.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\mercy.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\mercydeaddead.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\mercyDead.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\reinhardt.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\reinhardtDead.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\reinhardtdeadead.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\torbjorn.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\torbjorndeaddead.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\torbjornDead.xnb
C:\Users\Yackob\Desktop\Coding\smartgit\Repulse\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\selected.xnb
