c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji1.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji1dead.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont_sml.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\genji1deaddead.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\swordD.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\swordL.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\swordR.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\swordU.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\onArrowU.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\offArrowU.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\offArrowD.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\offArrowL.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\onArrowD.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\onArrowL.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\offArrowR.xnb
c:\users\yackob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\onArrowR.xnb
